Added secrets option to okteto manifest build section (#193)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/manifest.mdx

- `args`: add build arguments, which are environment variables accessible only during the build process. Build arguments with a value containing a `$` sign are resolved to the environment variable value on the machine okteto is running on.
- `export_cache`: image tag for exported cache when build.
- `cache_from`: list of images to import cache from.

> - `secrets`: list of secrets exposed to the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `secrets`: list of secrets' paths exposed to the build.
```

Reviewer: How do these paths behave ? Are they relative to the current working directory or relative to the manifest?

> To expose a secret during the build of an image, define:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To expose a secret during the building of an image, define:
```

> To expose a secret during the build of the service, you can define:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To expose a secret during the build of an image, define:
```

```yaml
build:
  api:
    context: api
    secrets:
      id1: path1
      id2: path2
```

> This will be equivalent run to the command: `okteto build api --secret id=id1,src=path1 --secret id=id2,src=path2`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This will mount the files path1 and paths1 as [mount secrets](https://github.com/moby/buildkit/blob/master/frontend/dockerfile/docs/reference.md#run---mounttypesecret)`.
```

> This will mount the files path1 and path2 as [mount secrets](https://github.com/moby/buildkit/blob/master/frontend/dockerfile/docs/reference.md#run---mounttypesecret).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will mount the files `path1` and `path2` as [mount secrets](https://github.com/moby/buildkit/blob/master/frontend/dockerfile/docs/reference.md#run---mounttypesecret).
```

      - .:/app
    services:
      - name: worker

>         command:

Reviewer: I prefer the old formatting because it was more compact. Since it doesn't add value to understanding how to use `okteto`, I prefer having it as small as possible to not draw attention awat

Author: this is not for the PR, it got formatted and i commited it, i will remove this change
